Apr 26, 2012
The Amazing Spider-Man Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AywiuHtK6ps
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/195569683695542273
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/392064634149359

Tara: Hi, I'm Tara, and welcome to another episode of Game X-Playtion 2.1.
Tara: Well, a new summer season of movies is almost upon us, and you know what that means: it's time for reboots and remakes.
Tara: Just one month after Sam Raimi completed his Spider-Man trilogy, Sony gears up to relaunch the Caped Crusader back on the big screen.
Tara: And this time, Andrew Garfield from the Social Network dons the famous costume of the Man of Steel.
Tara: And Marc Webb directs.
Tara: No, that's not a joke.
Tara: His last name actually is Webb.
Tara: Let's subject our picky, ultra-nerdy Spider-Man fan, Rich Evans, to this new trailer as we enter the Game Station 2.0.
Rich: Ugh.
Rich: Oh, my god.
Rich: These old fashioned cell phones are so hard it's text on.
Rich: Oh, my god.
Rich: Ugh.
Rich: Shit.
Liz: Why, hello Rich Evans.
Rich: What the fuck?
Rich: Who are you?
Liz: I'm Android 221, but I like to be called Liz.
Liz: I service all the men on the game station.
Rich: You...what?
Liz: Oh.
Liz: Oh, no, no.
Liz: It's not what you think.
Liz: I have sex with them.
Rich: Oh.
Liz: I'm also programmed to deliver data to all the game stations.
Rich: Yeah?
Rich: What kind of data?
Liz: Well, today I have the new Spider-Man trailer.
Liz: The overlords want your opinion on this because your profile says you're a Spider-Man expert.
Rich: Oh.
["How did you get out there?"]
["Fire escape."]
["It's 20 stories."]
["Your doorman's intimidating."]
["Tell us a little bit about yourself, Mr. Parker"]
["Not much to tell, really."]
["Peter lives with his aunt and uncle."]
Rich: I'm kind of curious about how they're going to alter the origin.
Rich: Uncle, Uncle Ben was there.
Liz: Yes.
Rich: It, it--
Liz: And he was Martin Sheen.
Rich: Yeah, that's, that's--
Liz: You have to respect him.
Liz: He was our president.
["You know, if you're gonna steal cars, don't dress like a car thief."]
["You a cop?"]
["You seriously think I'm a cop, in this red and blue suit?"]
Liz: So, what I did like, is that it looked like they were going back to the original idea of him creating the, the web weapon, as opposed to it being--
Rich: Web shooters.
Liz: The web shooter.
Liz: I've had this debate with other androids before where, if he were really anatomically bitten by a spider, and it was, he would just be flying by his ass around New York, which is a really funny mental picture, but--
Rich: I always hated the organics, just because it makes Peter Parker, like, weird.
Rich: Peter Parker's, you know, relatable, every man human.
Rich: Give him, like, weird things honest like an orifice for, for webs.
Rich: That's creepy.
Liz: Well, and it's just weirdly Freudian, too.
Rich: Yeah, yeah.
["Your father was a very secretive man, Peter."]
["Dr. Connors, I'm Richard Parker's son."]
Rich: I'm slightly more enthusiastic than I was for the teaser trailer, which I hated.
Rich: Well, I was really worried in the teaser trailer, when they kept talking about secrets.
Liz: Yeah.
Rich: There are secrets.
Liz; Well, the thing, the thing that I I like about the reboot is no one seems quite as wooden as Kirsten Dunst.
Rich: I hated Tobey Maguire.
Liz: Well, I hated them.
Liz: I mean, everybody, I didn't like anyone except Willem Dafoe, and they got rid of him right away.
Rich: So, Tobey Maguire was, like, a one-note Spider-Man.
Rich: Tobey Maguire was, like, a goody-goody, golly-gee shucks, and now it's like they've gone to the opposite extreme.
Liz: But that's apparent, that's how you reboot a franchise.
Liz: Apparently.
Rich: Spider-Man has to have a sense of humor.
Rich: He has to.
Liz: And I think he can have a sense of humor and still have a dark side.
Rich: He's sitting there with his feathered hair.
Rich: He's all, he's not serious in that trailer.
Liz: Yeah, but you're seeing the clips, that is one side, the teaser trailer was one side of the movie.
Liz: This was another side in the movie.
Liz: I'm sure they could take a bunch of different clips and make it seem like it was the feel-good film with the summer.
Rich: I can only go on what I've seen.
Rich: I don't, I don't know what the end result is going to be.
Rich: But based on what I've seen, I am extremely worried.
Rich: To me, it's not going to be a Spider-Man movie.
Rich: It's gonna be some kind of bizarre, bizarre Twilight superhero guy.
Liz: Well, I've got to go.
Liz: It's been fun talking Spider-Man with you, Unit 603-Idiot.
Rich: Wait.
Rich: Will I ever see you again?
Liz: Well, considering that this space station's atmosphere is made of thorough hexion, which is a substance that inhibits cellular decay for about 6,000 years, I'd say your chances are pretty good.
Rich: What?
